Changed all serializers, models and forms CharField max_length to 255. (#5355)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/development/core/best-practices.md

    slug = AutoSlugField(populate_from='name')
```

> ### CharField and SlugField
> 
> When constructing a CharField or SlugField, always utilise the 'CHARFIELD_MAX_LENGTH' constant unless it is greater than the 'CHARFIELD_MAX_LENGTH' value, which is '255'.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### CharField and SlugField Max Length

When constructing a CharField or SlugField, always utilize the 'CHARFIELD_MAX_LENGTH' constant unless your field requires a value greater than 'CHARFIELD_MAX_LENGTH', which is '255'.

```

    slug = AutoSlugField(populate_from='name')
```

### CharField and SlugField Max Length

> When constructing a CharField or SlugField, always utilize the 'CHARFIELD_MAX_LENGTH' constant unless your field requires a value greater than 'CHARFIELD_MAX_LENGTH', which is '255'.
> ## Getting URL Routes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When constructing a CharField or SlugField, always utilize the 'CHARFIELD_MAX_LENGTH' constant unless your field requires a value greater than 'CHARFIELD_MAX_LENGTH', which is '255'.

## Getting URL Routes
```
